---
title: Disable-CsComputer
TOCTitle: Disable-CsComputer
ms:assetid: e64128f1-2b53-4569-bf37-90cbbba01b36
ms:mtpsurl: https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/Gg399023(v=OCS.15)
ms:contentKeyID: 48185685
ms.date: 07/23/2014
mtps_version: v=OCS.15
---

<div data-xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">

<div class="topic" data-xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" data-msxsl="urn:schemas-microsoft-com:xslt" data-cs="http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/">

<div data-asp="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/asp">

# Disable-CsComputer

</div>

<div id="mainSection">

<div id="mainBody">

<span> </span>

_**Topic Last Modified:** 2013-03-06_

Disables a service or server role that has been removed from a computer running Lync Server. This cmdlet was introduced in Lync Server 2010.

<div>

## Syntax

    Disable-CsComputer [-Confirm [<SwitchParameter>]] [-Force <SwitchParameter>] [-GlobalCatalog <Fqdn>] [-GlobalSettingsDomainController <Fqdn>] [-Report <String>] [-Scorch <SwitchParameter>] [-WhatIf [<SwitchParameter>]]

</div>

<div>

## Examples

<div>

## EXAMPLE 1

The command shown in Example 1 disables the local computer.

    Disable-CsComputer 

</div>

<div>

## EXAMPLE 2

The command shown in Examples 2 also disables the local computer. In addition to disabling the computer, however, this command records information about the success (or failure) of that task in the file C:\\Logs\\Disable.html. This log file is generated by adding the Report parameter followed by the path to the log file where you want the information recorded.

    Disable-CsComputer -Report C:\Logs\Disable.html

</div>

</div>

<div>

## Detailed Description

Removing a service or server role from a computer does not automatically update the Lync Server topology. Instead, that service or role must be disabled before the changes are fully updated in the topology. The **Disable-CsComputer** cmdlet provides a way for administrators to disable any services or server roles that have been removed from the local computer.

Unless you use the Scorch parameter, the **Disable-CsComputer** cmdlet does not uninstall the Lync Server software; instead, it simply stops the computer from functioning in its previously assigned role.

Who can run this cmdlet: You must be a local administrator and a member of the domain in order to run the **Disable-CsComputer** cmdlet locally.

</div>

<div>

## Parameters


<table>
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 25%" />
<col style="width: 25%" />
<col style="width: 25%" />
<col style="width: 25%" />
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Parameter</th>
<th>Required</th>
<th>Type</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p><em>Confirm</em></p></td>
<td><p>Optional</p></td>
<td><p>System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter</p></td>
<td><p>Prompts you for confirmation before executing the command.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p><em>Force</em></p></td>
<td><p>Optional</p></td>
<td><p>System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter</p></td>
<td><p>Suppresses the display of any non-fatal error message that might occur when running the command.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p><em>GlobalCatalog</em></p></td>
<td><p>Optional</p></td>
<td><p>Microsoft.Rtc.Management.Deploy.Fqdn</p></td>
<td><p>Fully qualified domain name (FQDN) of a global catalog server in your domain. This parameter is not required if you are running the <strong>Disable-CsComputer</strong> cmdlet on a computer with an account in your domain.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p><em>GlobalSettingsDomainController</em></p></td>
<td><p>Optional</p></td>
<td><p>Microsoft.Rtc.Management.Deploy.Fqdn</p></td>
<td><p>FQDN of a domain controller where global settings are stored. If global settings are stored in the System container in Active Directory Domain Services, then this parameter must point to the root domain controller. If global settings are stored in the Configuration container, then any domain controller can be used and this parameter can be omitted.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p><em>Report</em></p></td>
<td><p>Optional</p></td>
<td><p>System.String</p></td>
<td><p>Enables you to specify a file path for the log file created when the cmdlet runs. For example: -Report &quot;C:\Logs\DisableComputer.html&quot;</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p><em>Scorch</em></p></td>
<td><p>Optional</p></td>
<td><p>System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter</p></td>
<td><p>Uninstalls all Lync Server services and server roles for the local computer.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p><em>WhatIf</em></p></td>
<td><p>Optional</p></td>
<td><p>System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter</p></td>
<td><p>Describes what would happen if you executed the command without actually executing the command.</p></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>


</div>

<div>

## Input Types

None. The **Disable-CsComputer** cmdlet does not accept pipelined input.

</div>

<div>

## Return Types

None. Instead, the **Disable-CsComputer** cmdlet disables instances of the Microsoft.Rtc.Management.Deploy.Internal.Machine object.

</div>

<div>

## See Also


[Enable-CsComputer](enable-cscomputer.md)  
[Get-CsComputer](get-cscomputer.md)  
[Test-CsComputer](test-cscomputer.md)  
  

</div>

</div>

<span> </span>

</div>

</div>

</div>

